So now that we have all these skills
of parsing XML and reading XML and
reading JSON.
it's a good idea to take
a bit of a step back and
say, how applications that work together.
most typically like a airline website.
can take data from many different sources
and bring that data all together and
we call this
the service-oriented approach.
And so, you go to this application and
it's like, why is it that
when you book an airline ticket,
they seem to be able to also book hotels?
And that's because, or are you really
giving your credit card to the hotel site
when you're reserving a hotel.
And you're not.
If it's a well-designed hotel
credit card site, it's not.
And so what happens is
these meta applications
assemble capabilities from
many different applications.
And so these are a way to use
services from other applications.
And these services often
publish rules that say, okay,
this is the URL that you hit,
and we're going to give you XML,
and you got to do this other thing to
log in, and do these other things.
And so it's sort of like how you would
use an application, except instead
of being like, here's what it looks like
and here's where you click, it's how
the application that you're going to
write is going to use their application.
So that they are a service.
They're probably in the cloud.
And they're sitting on some
bunch of servers somewhere.
And you're going to start hitting
their URLs, and
you're going to accomplish
something using that.
And we're going to even do
some sample code in this.
And this is called
the service oriented approach.
And we have a little video from
some friends of mine in England,
that sort of tries to make sense of this,
to talk about how it is,
and why you need to apply standards.
And why you need to be sort
of very thoughtful about how
would you build these APIs,
and how they cooperate.
And how they work together.
What happens is, you sort of
build a thing, and then you like,
break it into a piece, and
you pull these things apart and talk.
And then you realize,
oh, it'd be better if a whole
bunch of things talked together.
But then we got to write down
documentation about how it all works, and
then it evolves to this
thing where you say look,
now we've really got a very carefully and
well understood notion of what these
applications are supposed to do.
And so that's what it is in this service
oriented architecture and web services.
And so this is just sort of my intro to
the video that will come next.